you're a weirdo and we're vlogging and
we're back just kidding no they can't
see me why are you rolling look at this
is my sister say hi um this is the hair
I'm gonna show you guys in a video
really really soon but you guys it's
poufy but I can't be doing no flat twist
out man I gotta just stick with what I
know it is still frizzy but I did it dry
that's probably why but anyways yeah
people are looking at me my sister's ism
a weirdo say hi mom
oh okay yeah I almost got eaten by the
elevator doors
hello beautiful sky in the buildings are
you break Seth Oh hell's to the network
awful I hate hi see this is what they
may get a light trucks boat show do you
want a ride let me ride with me I'm all
bouncing okay no I can't oh there we go
oh oh it is Kentucky home hmm look at
the free can thank you look at the rims
though I need to get this
is that a lot mom because you guys don't
ever drive it they're pretty huh have a
century information of what the 2014 ok
um ok so these are the results of a dry
twist out see there's one little wonky
piece where you at where you at where
you at they're un there you is there you
eels yeah I just left it I didn't even
care like I wasn't even caring but
anyway so that's the only that's the
only whatever I didn't pin that part
down well but this is the dry twist out
I had a whole bunch of product in my
hair still
here we go here we go again going
through the same thank you guys remember
that welcome no she's coming in members
of the House members at the house oh so
cute okay
you
happy birthday
anyway back to the camera
she's like no I'm grubbing right now oh
look at her cute little outfit guys
little to pee
little baby
look at this pretty girl look ya'll rain
Ranger a ring yeah joe oh my god I can't
even know
oh there are yeah my oh my
look at how cute you are and that's the
birthday girl again she's eating her
fruit like a big girl
this is my cousin hi Hey look at your
outfit
she's cute hello kitty down
Oh
remember she's one being related
ok